Hamburger King Hey. There we go. No. Welcome to the descent. Tonight and tomorrow night, we are going to take you to hell. We're going to do it over the course of four adventures, the first of which is right now. I am your dungeon master for this session, Jeremy Crawford, and with me is this illustrious group of players. What I would like each of you to do, starting with you, Alex, is go right down the row, tell us your character's name, your real name too, and describe your character a little bit for everyone. Cool. Hello. I'm Alex Lee. I play with the group of the Dragon Friends. Thank you, Dragon Friends. My character is called Filled. She is a half-orc barbarian. She's very, very strong and very, very stupid. Hi. I'm Joe Manganiello. And I play with the Death Saves crew.
I am playing half Matt arson a Mysterious draconic sorcerer who during puberty realized he had the ability to control fire And couldn't find a shirt today Hey everybody, I'm Kelly Lynn D'Angelo I'm playing Tuesday tops. I use a the very extra Forest Gnome Druid, it'll be good fun across between Eliza Doolittle and Bert from Mary Poppins Hi, I'm Serena Marie I Play you're a 15 year old adventure the best adventure that's ever was and Yeah, she's a lot of dreams I'm Taliesin Jaffe I'm doing pretty cool. It's nice in here. This is really cozy surprisingly cold I'm playing Quintifel a sort of androgynous David Bowie meets meets nebula from Guardians of the Galaxy in the service of the Celestials, but an asamir and of course bound to the Lord of Fries as a warlock Hello everyone Hello everyone My name is Terran Killam first time long time very kind My friend Joe Manganiello got me into Dungeons and Dragons a little over a year ago now So I'm sort of encouraged kind of into it after a year of 9 minutes of me playing a game, so I don't really feel interested anymore but I'd be happy to I Would yeah hey I got some stuff can you go ahead Ask him Our League of Legends
I'm the noob. And I am playing as Halwyn Badanathyr, a high elf bard, who comes from a family of politicians and went against his father's wishes to follow him in office and join the Bard College because he liked manipulating people through music as opposed to lies and words. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER Boom. Boom. Boom! This booming continues in your minds and each of you, one at a time, wakes up. You feel damp, warm, the smell of brimstone all around you. That booming, you think, is the headache throbbing in your head, but then you realize it's explosions as well. One, two, three, and then four. And as your eyes flutter open, you see that you are each lying on a riverbank next to strange greenish water, whispers rising up from it. And on the other side, you see the two largest armies you have ever seen in your life, battling under an amber sky, one side howling mad demons and the others, devils, some blotting out portions of the sky with their bat-like wings, others, above the demons, hovering vulture-like, hurling magic and weapons down upon their foes. You don't have much time to contemplate this horrific scene.
battle in front of you because you realize immediately to your left as you gaze toward the river, there is a crashed gondola. Perhaps the vehicle that carried you here, slumped over the side of it, appears to be a dead dwarf. And running from a great monster is another one of these red-capped dwarf figures heading toward a strange contraption which you players would recognize as a motorcycle. But looming over that dead-looking, red-capped dwarf is a vrok, a vulture-like demon that has just now pulled its beak out of the bleeding back of that dwarf and it turns, its beady eyes counting each of you, and it squawks in hunger. I need you all to roll initiative. Oh wow. Oh wow. And that sound is coming from our seventh player, Ben Looms from Sirenscape. I've got a 20, no big deal. Very nice. Half-bat. Oh my god, a 19. All right. Tuesday. I've got a 19 myself. Which of you would like to go first? Wichard Dax? I'll let him go first. All right. 16. Quintifel. 13. We're going down with each person. Holwin. 12. Easy. And appropriately so.
Funny enough, I rolled even lower. Filch. Filch walks up to the vulture and says, hello, birdie. This creature looms over you, taller than a horse, wings stretched out behind it, and a horrible stench emanating from its body, especially from its gore-covered beak. She pats it on the beak. It looks rather confused by you. It goes, smelling you. And you hear from the red-capped, dwarf-like figure running in its iron boots to the motorcycle, you's gonna die! Ha ha ha! Anything else on your turn? I'm just gonna back away respectfully. It slashes at you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Should've kept patting it. Oh boy. All right, its talon comes sweeping in at you, but it gets only a 10 to hit. All right, I'm a 14, so I'm good. All right, half-mat. Okay, how far did she back away? How far did you back away? The rest...
